---
layout: post
title: "The Morning Fever Dream"
subtitle: 'Finding another life'
author: "clearnote01"
header-style: text
tags:
  - dreams
---

Several days I wake up and still be sleep. It's a fasicnating time of the day for me, probably my favorite time. I have to wake up to start my work, in these days WFH work, but still I like to join at a specific time of the day, routine is good. But the morning is a time when I am calm. and I am asleep. I don't tddream at night, not often at least.  But the morning dreams are very different. I feel like I get to choose what I want to see, and then I get wings and, I need to have a spark of thought and then my subconcious takes me soemwhere. I am not awake, it's on an edge of sleep and dreams. It feels real, like life in a different world. Now understandably you can say what good is it to dream, when the body is in this real world, the physical world, you will get cold, hungry, you need place to live. Everything is physical and your dreaming isn't going to sustain your life. Well that's true but that I believe is because we have barely begun to understand dreams, much less make use of it. We hear of "life flashing before your eyes" situation, where your mind in mere seconds shows you entire lifetime, I am not putting a saying as a proof, but there ought to be some truth to it, and during the times of Morning fever I feel like I can almost grasp its power.

Is it that bad if experience something through dreams? It's not fake for you, even though it is for others. But if someone lives a life of deludement is that so bad? They are not hurting anyone, they are creeating a world for themselves where there are different and not alone. I guess, this is not exclusive to dreams. People often want to portray a different side of themselves. The instagram travel influencers are showing how wonderful there life is and how beautiful the food they eat the places they visit are, but ofcourse they are not showing the 8hrs bumpy ride it took to get to that waterful for one shot. Or how the beach is actually dirty and it's a camera trick and narrow angle which is clean enough so you could take #golden_sand, #beach_life for a social media post. In that sense, they also have a character for the social media which is having a different life than they are. People on anonymous forums like Reddit can create there own persona with even more freedom, as it's famously said, no one knows if the person you are talking to internet is a cat. They can create a tragic childhood, they can create a life of hardship, or conversely of luxury and bliss, of fighting huge odds, of getting huge wins and I don't think that's bad, as long as they are not hurting anyone. Living in dreams is similar but even more real in my opinion. As one example, I experienced death of a person close to me in one of my morning dreams, and feeling there heart-beat and feeling it slowly coming to stillness is when I felt more alive I have felt than I have possibly felt in the "real" life. I would say while what you are experiencing isn't real, it doesn't mean the feeling it can incite aren't real, it still has the power to give you happiness or sadness just like a real world experience. Saying it like this it sounds cheaper than it can be, it's more than a movie where you can believe you are actually part of it. For me these dreams have potential for much more transformative experiences, it's tailored for you in way no story can as your subconcious was the one conjuring the world and the story that you will experience.

What I am trying to say is that we all are trying to find richness in things around ourselves in this real world, maybe we have to look inwards and  we will find that a similar richness exists within us, there is another life for us in a dream every morning.
